This video, I'm going to go ahead and show you how to create a custom banner, so let's show you what
we are talking about when we say create a custom banner, something that you'd like to do, especially
if you're working on a company or something when we start the application up.
I'm just clicking on the Green Arrow there to to start up the spring board application and let's expand
this up a little bit on the banner that we're talking about.
Is this right here?
So we can see it just a spring and and some fancy ASCII art on it.
Now, this is something that we can easily customize for our use.
Look, like I worked at a company called Velho Payments, so we'd replace that with development.
So see that on startup.
So just a nice little customization that we can do for our spring applications to see that in the log.
Now what we can do is go ahead and customize that.
I'm going to toggle over to Chrome right now and I just picked a random ASCII art generator.
And this one here, I'm going to say Petr Jaquet Dotcom, you can see that you are all there.
And I just kind of randomly found this through a Google search.
But you can see there's a bunch of different fonts that we can apply.
And I don't like that one.
We'll go and see how it looks and we'll go back to the first one I had there, you can really get lost
down a rabbit hole with this.
So this is the ASCII art that I want to go ahead and create for my banner.
And what I can do is I can just come in here.
Looks like there's select and copy.
So hopefully that copied it to the clipboard seeing this button down at the bottom screen.
So now what I can do is jump back over to intelligent and very simply to change the banner or to create
a custom banner under resources.
I just want to come in here.
I'm going to create a new file and we'll call that.
Banner, dot text.
OK, so.
And we'll add this into GitHub now, I'm just going to go ahead and paste in this text so you can see
here this has been pasted in and I'm going to come in here and click this little restart.
And by default, Spring Boot is looking for a file called Bernadotte Text doesn't find it.
Then it goes back to the default.
So you see here now I'm getting spring framework Guro to be displayed as my custom banner.
So a lot of flexibility here as to how we do that.
And as far as the implementation, just one of those little nice things that we can do with spring spring
boot for that start up text.
Again, what I did just a recap, came over here to a text site and there are like hundreds of different
fonts and things that you can select to work with.
Grab a text from this site and jump back over to ontology and other resources.
I created a file called Banner Dot Text.
That is the default file that spring board is going to look for for a custom banner.
And now you can see that I am.
In fact, when we start the application, I get that custom banner scrolling by.
We come back over to Chrome and I did create a ticket for this in our repository.
So create custom banner.
That's issue number six.
And I'll commit this the change that we did in this video against issue number six as well as it will
be on its own branch, for your reference.